nodemon
express
cors
pg
jsonwebtoken
bcrypt


// postgresql extension
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp";












node-postgres (or simply "pg") allows you to perform various database operations, such as executing SQL queries, 
managing transactions, and handling result sets. It provides a straightforward and efficient interface for connecting to and 
working with PostgreSQL databases in a Node.js environment.

CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and it is a security feature implemented by web browsers to restrict web pages from 
making requests to a different domain (origin) than the one from which the web page was served. This security measure is designed to 
prevent potential cross-origin attacks.

JSONWebToken is a popular JavaScript library used for generating and verifying JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). 
JWT is a compact and self-contained way of representing information between parties as a JSON object. It is commonly used for 
authentication and data exchange in web applications and APIs.

JSON Web Tokens consist of three parts:

Header: Contains information about the algorithm used for signing the token and the token type.

Payload: Contains the claims (data) about the user or any other information you want to include in the token.

Signature: Created by encoding the header and payload along with a secret key using the specified algorithm.




bcrypt is a widely used JavaScript library for hashing passwords. It provides a secure way to store passwords by using a one-way 
cryptographic hash function, which makes it difficult for attackers to reverse engineer the original password from the stored hash.

When users create an account or update their passwords in my application, I should never store their passwords as plaintext. 
Instead, I should hash the passwords using a strong cryptographic hashing algorithm like bcrypt and store the hashed values in the 
database. When users log in, I can hash the provided password and compare it with the stored hash to verify their identity.